In view of these facts and because the document constitutes an unauthorized use of information,
which is classified as confidential and for the reason previously stated, it is my opinion
that it should not be made public.
Concertior's Herbert Brown, L. Jr. Attorney General.
You may step down and be informed.
May it withstand the recess until 2.30 pm.
Sir, that's a big error.
The Secretary of the Justice, please.
I'd like to make an honest statement.
Many recesses have been gotten out here with you.
We'd like to hear a reclam.
I would like to be heard in this request before the recess.
I think it's very important to request.
Did the minister with the chair's permission?
The chair is now thinking of a while.
Mr. Chairman, I'd like to request now.
We can get the committee back together.
I will listen to you.
I think time is of the else.
I'd like to request now, Mr. Chairman.
I'd like to request now, Mr. Chairman,
for the chair's permission to be sent to the committee.
Yes, that's right.
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
I'm so following the 21st session of the Senate Subcommittee hearings
and the Army and McCarty dispute,
the committee has recessed for the luncheon period.
Following some rather heated and complex testimonies.
Now, at 2.30 this afternoon, eastern daylight time.
I'm there.
I'm leaving.
The chair has an announcement to make in connection
with the manager's telephone calls before doing that.
Following the meeting to order, he wants to start with the
customary welcome to our guests in the committee room.
And the customary welcome to the guests in the committee room.
And the customary welcome to the guests in the committee.
And the firm committee rule that there should be no manifestations
of approval or disapproval from members of the audience at any time.
And the officers who have done a perfectly splendid job in the chair's opinion
of the colleagues who will hear this.
A wonderful job.
The officers continue to have the order from the chair without further
and right to remove from the room a likely bit firmer.
Anybody violating the conditions under which you entered the room,
which were to be framed and manifestations of approval or disapproval.
Now, Mr. Welch, I hope you will listen closely to the chair as he endeavors
to state the status of things in connection with the manager telephone call
because the chair is not entirely sure that he understands the picture.
At least a penny in conformity with the agreement.
All or any manager telephone calls are transcriptions,
which might be in the position of any of the parties who are either
the side of the current country,
or the state of the current state.
They were the penny some time ago with instructions that at the time
they were assembled and transcribed,
the parties were interested in submitting them to make out a certificate subsequently
to be sworn to under oath that these were in fact a total presentation
of all of the manager telephone conversations, all of the notebooks,
all of the notebooks,
yesterday I told the press after our executive station of yesterday known
that we felt the time had come to finalize the presentation of those managers
of the consultation committee council.
And that we had advised the Army,
and that we technicaled a metrathy side that by this noon,
at the latest, we wanted those presentations made.
Mr. Welch has advised the chair that they have run into some delay
and some difficulty on the army side of this request,
which stems from the fact that Mr. Welch is the manager.
The manager is the telephone calls as testimony now shows that come in
from wherever they come in with the exception of the White House,
members of the Secretary's family or his personal friends.
But he monitors them in the order in which they come,
and they're all in notebooks
where the consecutive telephone conversations are inclusive.
Mr. Welch advises the committee as a consequence.
When on occasion there is a security matter discussed,
which under the executive order should not be disclosed,
either periods in the notebook in the order in which the call happened
or the taken under switchboard rather than in some separate notebooks.
So he believes that it will be necessary for the Attorney General
or somebody from his office to rule on each of the phone calls
from the Stanford Security before they are presented.
And so we run into the delay involved,
and we run into the difficulty of making sure that all of the phone calls
pertinent to this sensitivity are received to the satisfaction
of all parties concerned as to their totality.
We don't know just what the answer is, but that's the problem we confront.
We still want to get to the monitor phone calls,
we still want to confirm in the record,
I think a way must be worked out perhaps whereby.
A representative of the Attorney General's Office can be present
to delete from the phone calls and the notebooks
or black them out or something because the PD calls to the notebooks themselves
and black them out so that we don't get information which we should not have.
And some representations from the trial decided a country for these persons
to make sure that we get all of the phone calls that I suppose to be included.
That's the difficulty from the Army side of the presentation.
I'm Mr. Welch.
If I've indirectly stated that, I wish we'd take to the floor now on my time
and straighten this out and attempt to try to tell the public in the press
where we stand on the problem that you've been presented to the chair over and over and over again
when you're going to get the phone call.
Mr. Chairman, you have presented with your usual accuracy, sir.
I would like to say a word about the position of Army.
Council on the thing.
I think everyone is understood.
We want all of us to tell a phone call that our material indicate that it's proper to have them in.
But we do have this serious security problem both as to the three.
Mr. Welch is no book and perhaps a system of a call themselves.
I can think of a comfortable answer to it.
It's just to adopt a suggestion that somebody from the Department of Justice
is sitting on the charting and tell us when we have a security matter
and just ruin out.
That's what has to be done.
Nobody is opposed to the Department of Justice on us that I know of.
But I think they surely will be a service to the committee if that.
Well, even if the Jenkins and Raya personally had time to read these monitor telephone calls
and I think I'm correct in saying no one's permission to take in stock as yet yet any of them.
They have been kept under lock and key as both of those two such transcriptions as they are and as to the original notebook.
So what therefore I really have nothing to what you said Mr. Chairman
excessive I should think someone on the committee should approach the department just as much rather
we're done by someone on the committee and they have a problem to them and get their assistance
and bring these things to the party and so they can be brought into the courtroom and dealt with the committee wishes.
Well, the council thinks that this might be a helpful suggestion in removing this particular road lock
for greater progress in our hearing.
Mr. Jenkins would assign somebody from his desk and you permit Mr. St. Clare to ask for the opposition
to meet after the hearing is asked and then the people that we cannot work out with the Department of Justice
and any other party can follow the notice of the running.
Well, by looking smart, come on, just long, laborious jobs.
Give me not be so long on the board, I don't pay a dear sir.
Long before you get the job done and the other gets rough.
I have to admit for a note, some will stop so that Mr. St. Clare is very, very badly needed by me on something else.
I'd be happy to have him do that.
I have that for us and it's a day.
And it's my duty to have some other member of the staff that be assigned from your standpoint as the committee.
Oh, yes, sure that they can find some of the others.
Will he meet whoever is assigned and with Mr. Jenkins office after the hearing is asked and gladly sirs to harvest the Zoll and it is in my own manner.
All right.
Mr. Johnson.
Mr. Bryant.
One further, my first concern is telephone calls.
Mr. Hensville would also show us today's phenomena in that my heart.
And Mr. Hensville is prepared to make whatever appropriate specifically under those or otherwise the counts to make suggest to the effect that he has no monitor telephone calls, no transcription, and that is phone with no time monitor during any of the periods in question.
The drug has to be fulfilled by that problem very easily.
I will read his end of the game with the correct answer.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Ponderpatter.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to restate again that we get in the second or the third week or the end of the second week.
Are they hearing?
No, I don't know how the other members feel, but I feel as if I just set into the hearings and bring bars.
And I know that certainly the persons who have been more active than us and the kind of persons and I must be equally worried.
We know that we have many other important duties to attend.
Now, if I could foresee that just hearing what's out and through them before a deal for future, I wouldn't make any request that I know about to make.
But I can't see from any end in sight for many days, weeks or months.
Therefore, I wish to move at the time, Mr. Chairman, that we have the conclusion of hearing the facts in them.
So we reach that until Tuesday morning, that in order for us to take care of some of our other important business, we have the staff art liaison, which has been debated on the fall of the Senate.
Many of us would like to participate in that debate.
Many of us would like to prepare for that debate.
So, in our brief, that's the participant, committee and the public, for greatly benefit by reaching out to Tuesday morning.
I so wish to join Mr. Chairman, Senator Mozilla.
So, I would like to say that Senator Mozilla to reach that tomorrow, to me on scale Tuesday morning.
I would like to reach that, that conclusion of hearing tonight until Tuesday morning.
So, I'll give a pardon, and Monday, when the staff of the act will be debated on the fall of the Senate.
I worked on that bottle piece of legislation, take care of other duties, which I know that all of them do have to take care of.
And I'm sure that the participants in the Army and the desire for that other rest.
Mr. Chairman, the problem, I will hold the search for two motion that we reach that tomorrow at noon until Monday morning.
I don't think this is good.
So, here's no second to any motion that has been made so far.
Second motion.
Moved by President McClellan and seconded by President Jackson.
But in the nature of the substitute, well, they will be the Senate's Martins of Year, Florida, and it's fine that they're the Chief Sub-Sutes.
We reached that tomorrow morning, on till Monday morning, not where you are.
The afternoon, in fact, in tomorrow will be the test with, and that's all.
Power for discussion.
And on the table, we have a full section open.
I believe was that there will be folks tomorrow afternoon.
And not like in the game, that I may be, but...
But I, in mind, was that this committee should work at all times for extra-night tea-stereys, and we can work until the morning, and then we can attend over until Monday morning, and we do work, and it's necessary to share into the afternoon of Monday or the afternoon tea-stakes, through May 2nd, so...
But I, in a little effort to postpone these shares, one instead is not absolutely necessary.
I have written here, and I, I was before my original motion, but rather than to have a discussion on it, I will accept these.
I remember that offer by the distinguished members of the March itself.
The other motion made, and I'm sure it's here to all members of the committee, which are just to meaning in some sense that we...
We've had to hear each tomorrow afternoon.
Is there any further questions?
I read it for questions.
Those in favor say aye.
I'll try and know.
The motion is prepared.
I have no further questions.
The chair has no questions.
If the chair has any questions, I may have to send it to my left.
No questions.
I'll get the chair in the second now.
I think it's a little...
No questions.
The chair is fired.
I'll send it to the chair.
I'll take that to the next room.
But before I do that, I wonder if the chair is failing itself.
We suggest that the monetary commission be examined by council for the...
The future statements and the future atoms and council for the committee.
I gather from that he was including anyone from my side of the aisle.
No.
What does it matter?
I made a chair.
I just had a unit with the security.
Which one should the eliminate and the stand for security?
The attorney general?
Well, with the chairman, I was wondering all of the black stuff.
So, I think the chair said that if Mr. Welk...
Well, it was Welk's...
I think it would have been my two minutes.
I think the chair said that if the somebody from the committee could be present.
What did that say?
That's what I thought.
What's the term on this morning where...
I have no authority to give you clarity with Mr. Welk.
Or if you knew that, Mr. Attorney General,
and you got me, but it's not as committee as well.
I was going on all parties, ever since.
Mr. Smith, what's the term?
I know what's the role.
Mr. Brown, according to 54, they report.
Well, as red, I like to lead Mr. Brown, and regard to...
In regard to...
The 15-day Jeremy document, and the two-day quarter page...
Not from the past, a minute.
Well, I know Mr. Brown, what Brown, I know is what her,
but the material cannot be submitted many forms.
The chair will recall last night, I suggest that we delete any security information.
Anything that could indicate the sorts of information informants, etc.
That has all been deleted from this two-in-a-four-to-page document, as far as I can tell.
As the CERAN-O's, this has been authenticated.
So the target, one, two, three, four, six, four, seven, and eight,
which is in our body of the letter for a document, so what you might.
With the exception of the man as an actor,
as a man of the...
I'm random from Zadger Cooper.
And with the term, I think to the view of the important public.
Now Mr. Brown, I want to be called in executive session.
I think you should be questioning, as the other are not there,
if anything, in this two-in-a-half page document other than the name,
has suggested a delete of a security nature.
As I read, Mr. Chairman, I'm sure the Attorney General will have to agree that...
This may be embarrassing to some people.
Embarrassing those tribes with the security of our military, but that's it.
You know we involve security.
Now, I may say Mr. Chairman, that we have a precedent for releasing material.
As the CERAN-O, Mr. Brown, I only made a teaching Chicago,
sometime ago.
We named the NUCTY Live Aspires, which we're discussing here,
who are still tribes that are right there over the Douglas Mammative Nation VISTA before.
We named a very important debt spy.
I don't criticize him for that.
I think that his information with the public should have had long ago.
He was his graph.
He was present. He was criticized for that.
He then made public.
At the hour, sports time authorized to play by Mr. Robert Morris,
Mr. Judge Morris, who was the chief counsel of the committee for whom he appeared.
And out of that time, he made available to the committee.
For sure, the last FBI effort which had never been disclosed before.
Again, I say I don't criticize him for that.
He didn't make available any information.
I think it was a job well done.
But he has established a trust in his famous chairman.
But as the chair well knows, I have never, during the entire course of my investigation.
I have never disclosed the name of a singling formant.
And the chairman of this document here is a very, very sharp way to keep out the name of any informants,
or the thought of any information.
I think the chair knows that also that I have never obtained any information from the FBI.
But when I received FBI material which is disseminated,
and is in the hands of loyalty board members with communist records,
I can no longer respect any classification of them.
In other words, one of the things that is in the conduit available to communist,
I think maybe that I have no authority to keep this material secret.
I don't intend to remain as famous a chairman of this time.
It's my request that I can button make of the chair.
But as far as I have spoken, and as far as there is no formant directive or any other directive,
which is designed not to the security of the nation,
but to prevent embarrassing, although responsible for covering a communist,
no such direction will keep me from making available to the public.
The type of information that we have here showing growth and neglect, which are terminated.
I think the claim is from when we should decide at the committee.
I have addressed this to my Democrat colleagues, as well as the Republican colleagues.
But I'm not sure if forever continue operating under that troon blackout order of 1948.
I'd like to Mr. Brown out.
Hello, for example.
But progress has been made on the recorded attempt by the Justice Department,
or the chair will recall their new story.
I believe about a year ago, maybe more of the Justice Department have been ordered to study the troon blackout direction
to the views of the Senate and make more information available to the committee.
I would like to question Mr. Brown now as to what progress has been made.
I would like to also make it very clear to the American people that I have made a solemn promise to them that I did
to close the coast last year that they would get rid of my Democrat friends who liked us
that we would no longer be honoring these blackout orders.
I think this is a good time Mr. Chairman to have this order.
I don't think that a congressional committee is bound.
If I may have the chair of the Senate, I don't think that any congressional committee is bound.
But the opinion of anyone in the executive, as a fellow and fellow, is rightful talking to me.
I think the committee must determine that matter for themselves, looking closing with the Chairman.
I want to again point out that this letter, well no great significant opinion of itself,
is part of a sequence of letters showing that there has been an astronaut, a dash, a Russian, in normal secret, right out of the laboratory.
And the sequence of reports from Mr. Chairman, in my opinion, will convince anyone to exercise a good common sense
that we have no fix it from the coming of the Civil War by any kind of concerns,
but the very serious situation to make with the Chairman.
And if it is true, then we should get to the bottom and find out who is responsible.
And I may say that I am getting very very weary of sitting here and acting as though we're playing some little game in this committee,
this committee, that says these may well determine for this nation to deliver that.
We've got to clean up the growth of responsibility to Chairman and to concession those responsible,
either knowingly or because they were simple dooms.
Covering up constant players, not dead ones of the lives.
And I have the Attorney General be called an executive session so we can question him as to what information can be made available to this committee,
and what information can be made available to the public period.
The Sanders question is a little long, but the chair will never answer it if he can.
I think it has two parts.
The first part is whether or not the Attorney General has ruled on the admissibility of the two-and-a-quarter page,
the two-and-a-quarter page, the chair must confess he has not read.
The chair will have to say that in his letter of transmission, he encroached the letter which the senator refers to,
and helped specifically the question of the Attorney General, whether or not he is a pinion,
and it would be injurious to the nice for security to have a spread in the rest.
And the reply of the Attorney General is on the affirmative that he thought it would be injurious.
If the senator from Wisconsin desires to have me read another letter,
indicating whether certain changes of that two-and-a-quarter page, the two-and-a-quarter page letter can be introduced, I'll be happy to do that.
The answer to the second part of the question is whether the chair believes he's following Attorney General in,
for the Monday old and asking why he decided as he did, the chair would answer that question
and the negative of a piece overruled by his colleague on the committee.
Mr. Chairman, this is a more serious matter and I don't think it should be this close to the moment.
I don't, I think Mr. Chairman with the graduate take,
sitting in mind that a vast number of critical health in various bureaus have access
to the distribution of these letters.
I think it's a great mistake for the governor to say, well, we can't even speak out.
The governor's most difficult to perform their duty must leave the sequence of letters from the FBI.
And what they point out today, after day, after day,
for the danger situation you have in our top secret radar laboratory,
and with the term unless we do that, unless the numbers of committee can see those reports,
after there has been deleted the names of informants,
it will be impossible for this committee to determine the extent
to which we have had rules, negligence, putting it mildly, or work in various departments or governments.
Unless Mr. Chairman, the members of this committee can see those excellent reports submitted by the FBI.
It will be impossible for the members of this committee to know why, why they commend us efforts have been made to call this committee off,
the investigation of the disclosure of communist and government.
Mr. Chairman, again I say we're not playing any game here.
You think we've heard the way we've been banning these things back and forth,
but we're getting right down with Mr. Chairman at the point where the blue chips are down.
And if we neglect Mr. Chairman, if we neglects to get to the bottom of the pack,
because of some true murder of 1948,
then every one of us sitting at this table should not be in the tunnel.
The chair is in no position to override the ruling of the Attorney General.
He submitted it in writing, got an answer back in writing,
and suggest therefore the decision to resign to the prosecutor's office.
Mr. Chairman, why may it be if any general defences?
Mr. Chairman, does the chair take position that a committee of the Senate cannot differ with an appointed officer,
the Attorney General, certainly the chair doesn't take that position.
Mr. Chairman, if the Attorney General has some good reasons why these documents should not be made available to the committee,
he should not be rational about coming down the executive session and telling us why Mr. Chairman,
he can do it, as he did in the Harry Dixon White case in the case of a dead spy,
he can delete the security information and give us the information showing the type of reports the FBI did some,
then we can check into this matter and find out who was responsible for ignoring Mr. Chairman's reports.
And there's always been God's Earth, Mr. Chairman, why the Attorney General should not be called executive session
and made two answers why the parts of these letters, how having to do with security,
but which might be awfully embarrassing, I agree, to some people why they should not be made available,
number one to the members of the committee, and then the next question whether or not they should not be made available to the public.
I think both.
Hi, I again asked the Chair, I asked the Chair to not to move upon this in the forum, what is too important?
I asked him to call an executive session this committee and a good of that in detail and make a decision.
I think the plan is to come, Mr. Chairman, when we should see Chairman Pouder and not the Congress as a power to get the necessary information
to guard the security of this nation, we can get Mr. Chairman, we can get information about dishonesty, about corruption, about drag,
but it seems we cannot get information about something a thousand times worse than with reason.
And Mr. Chairman, I asked the executive session and if we want them to throw, decide this question of Pouder and not.
We are the lacking to obey a free rule rule.
A decision made by someone in the executive department, the head of the executive department,
because he has a standing rule that will have any member of the committee or any of the council,
if they are the having executive session called to discuss the business of the committee, he will call.
I would like to call one of the two presenters to request any technical session.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, you're the right.
Mr. Secretary, all of the lunch hour, have you had the opportunity to refresh your recollection?
So you can now tell me whether or not you spoke with me on the telephone concerning the calling of a member of the loyalty for which I clear-spirited comments.
No, I remember that you called me as my home occasionally, but I do not remember the substance of the conversation.
I would think that I believe that this is the only time I ever called you at your home and the only time I ever spoke with you at your home,
and I believe that what Saturday night are compulsory first.
On my desk, sir, do you have a monitor on your phone telephone as well as your other phone?
No, sir. Do you have any type of recording to keep notes that I take?
So, to refresh your recollection with the secretary, I would suggest you, sir, that on the night of our compulsory first,
following a conversation between Mr. Adams and myself, I had a conversation with you.
And would you state it would be personally embarrassing to you if the facts were made known that a member of your loyalty for themselves had come in his front record?
I absolutely have no recollection of any substance conversation.
Mr. Secretary, I now hand to you a news article which appeared, I believe, the night of our compulsory first concerning the exposure of a member of your loyalty for having his come in his front record in F,
whether or not it says not to refresh your recollection, and whether or not it says not to stress this article with me over the telephone.
No, that doesn't help, Mike. The member is far as any telephone conversation is confirmed.
Well, sir, maybe I can approach it this way.
Do you recall, sir, that there was a time when this committee at the direction of Senator McCarthy asked to have some heavy force?
A member of the secretary?
You